Grandpa's old tiles were nothing more than what he could learn.
God didn't lie to you. Just ask the people in the village and you will know.
He didn't call you sideways, but at the same time he was calling for the soul of his dead Wazi.
I dream that one day he will come back and learn for you. You are so pitiful and pathetic.
I don't believe you. Stop laughing.
If it weren't for your grandfather having other ideas
How could I choose this name for you? How could it make you and that woman calm down?
This life is really a joke, I will accompany you
This old man with a blue mouth and a round mouth
I don't believe it
Follow me to meet my grandpa
I will ask her personally how I am
Then go down and ask her.
Even if you die
My grandpa won’t die either
Why do you want her?
Just say that I live
Someone else's ran away
You call someone
I really only have some left to kill you and you
The children of both adults are here.
I've been following you secretly
Now I think you're in a bit of danger
I'll come out
Grandpa, I saw your grandson
He has always been afraid
That was all behind my back at that time
How could he still vomit?
Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right
Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right